Tamai 2015, https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpclett.5b01147
    Review of exciton diffusion in opv polymers.

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/pdf/10.1021/ct500014h 
    Exciton diffusion calculated using marcus hopping (usually used for free charges).
    Marcus theory compared to Franck-Condon (spectral overlap)
    The interactions between excitons and phonons is the reorganization energy.
    internal reorganization energy os due to the geometry changes
    external is due to lattice distortion
    external is ~1 oom smaller and is ignored in this paper (and by us?)
    good description of how to calculate reorg energy

Clarke2010b
    Review of how charges are generated in OPVs
    This paper is long
    Exciton formation through charge transfer
    read up to section 2 - gives an overview of opvs
    increasing the length of the conjugated polymer makes the opv behave in a band-like way.
    organic devices have excitons not free charges
    goes through history, first opv was single crystal polymer, the tang made first bilayer device, then the first fullerene/polymer BHJ
    talks a little about photosynthesis and how the redox relay helps by spatially separating the charges.
    this review will focus on charge transfer and photocurrent generation.
    reading about excitons: coloumbically bound electron hole pair where binding energy >>> thermal energy
    charge dissociation occurs at the interface
    exciton refers to the electronic excitation _and_ the structural deformation 
    (in polythiophene a reverals of the c-c bond length alternation)
    nonadiabatic electron transfer - with loss through heat
        Discusses Marcus theory and how it satisfies Franck-Condon/BorneOppenheimer, 
        and the reorganization energy and its different parts 
    Onsager theory:
        decribes geminate recombination (when exciton recombine before reaching interface)
        There is a radius where the coloumb attraction equal the thermal energy, called the coloumb capture radius or the onsager radius
        modifications to this theory include that a CT state is finite
        in systems with high electron mobility the smoluchowski eq breaks down (it assumes that brownian motion mean free path is short compare to length scale) For these systems a modification was added by tachiya
        basically onsager theory is v effective in certain system (homogeneous w/o interface) but has many limitations.
        skimmed section 3 to jump to section 4.
        What is important for a good OPV?
        open circuit voltage is mostly based on donor ionization potential and acceptor electron affinity. Sucessfully at predicting device Voc from materials after processing typically within 0.2V.
        Energy of CT state correlated with Voc
        Good mixing of A/D, good carrier mobility important. Our worflows can probe this
        Also good CT dissociation. many factor affect this but we don't study it.
    

